add shipping/billing country to eligibility to fetch the proper feeplans (#90)
alma/widgets: documentation.md

Allow to choose which payment plan's tab will be displayed by default. It will have effect only if the selected plan is eligible. If an array is provided, it will select the first eligible plan from this array.

- customerBillingCountry: `string` (e.g `fr|es|it|de|nl|pt|en`) [optional]
- customerShippingCountry: `string` (e.g `fr|es|it|de|nl|pt|en`) [optional]

> Allows to display feeplans specific for a country. Exemple: you're selling in France and Germany, the credit options are only available in France, so you can specify this option to 'fr' to show credits on the widget for french customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow to display fee plans specific for a country. Example: you're selling in France and Germany, the credit options are only available in France, so you can specify this option to 'fr' to show credits on the widget for french customers.
```

Display card logos in the modal

- customerBillingCountry: `string` (e.g `fr|es|it|de|nl|pt|en`) [optional]
- customerShippingCountry: `string` (e.g `fr|es|it|de|nl|pt|en`) [optional]

> Allows to display feeplans specific for a country. Exemple: you're selling in France and Germany, the credit options are only available in France, so you can specify this option to 'fr' to show credits on the widget for french customers.

Reviewer: same
